hey guys Sylvia Perez here welcome to
this video in this video I'm gonna talk
about jobs that you can do remotely for
Google Ads maybe you're you working for
an agency right now and you're looking
to do work on the side remotely or
you're transitioning from an agency or
an in-house position as a Google Ads
manager and you're looking to do work at
home so I'm currently working from home
as a Google Ads manager and I want to
show you two things that can really help
you guys if you're looking to transition
into remote work and how you can get
started so the first thing you can do is
you can actually work for a company
remotely so if you just go to Google and
you search Google ads remote jobs you'll
find a lot of different posts on remote
positions available that companies are
looking for like right here you can see
from zip recruiter you can make forty
three to ninety six thousand according
to this remotely as a Google Ads manager
for working for a company so this would
be my first place to look if you're
looking to replace your income from your
current job agency position or in-house
position is to apply to remote positions
online through zip recruiter or other
job posting websites and this would be a
good way to go because it doesn't matter
where they are you can work remotely and
you know really the main thing is to
when you're looking through these
positions that it does say remote in the
job title and it always just double
check it sometimes it'll say remote but
it's not actually remote so just kind of
do your due diligence there but that
would be my first recommendation is is
to look through zip recruiter and
different job posting sites for remote
positions and that would be the fastest
way to replace your full-time income is
by just supplementing it with the remote
position now another way you can do work
from home is something that I'm doing is
up work now if you're not familiar with
up work it's a freelancing website where
you get thousands of different people
posting jobs on things they need
fulfilled and one of the things like
many on up work is Google Ads management
so there are pros and cons SEP work a
probe up work is the amount of volume so
you have people thousands of people from
all over the world using this platform
and they're looking for people to manage
their Google Ads now the bad side about
up work is a lot of the people who come
to this website they have the mental
of I want to get work done as cheap as
possible so it does take time to build
up your up work profile but if you
commit to the process then you can you
know at the beginning your plugin have
to work for a lot cheaper but over time
you can really build up your profile and
start to charge more and more so I'm
gonna show you guys my profile to give
you an example of how I have it so far
so this is my profile on up work and my
profile is all about Google Ads
management and Bing ads management for
lead generation so kind of some tips to
give you guys if you do decide to go to
the up work route is maybe in the
beginning you're not gonna be able to
charge as much but you can build it up
as you get ratings as you get reviews
and so on and so forth and I'm still
building up my oprah profile i've only
been doing up work now for a couple
months really like consistently and
actually like putting in the effort but
the biggest things that's really helped
me stand out and get more jobs is one my
profile i did i put a lot more effort
and attention into my profile so if you
do want to go enough work make sure you
have a solid profile and there's a lot
of youtube videos out there that are
very helpful on how to you know how to
actually go ahead and do that but make a
solid profile another thing as well is
to really you know fill out every
section so add stuff in your portfolio
add your skills take the test put in any
certifications I recommend doing the
Google Ad certifications it's fairly
simple to do if you don't already have
it and it really helps people really do
value the Google Ad certification and I
want to go and show you two on how it
looks when you're when you're applying
for different jobs on up work so you can
go ahead and set your categories so the
ones I have right now is search engine
marketing display advertising marketing
strategy and lead generation and then if
you click on my feed you're gonna see
jobs that are updating in real time so
for example looking to hire someone with
experience with real estate lead gen
through Craigslist this wouldn't be
something I would apply to because again
I'm focused on Google Ads management but
just to give you an idea this was posted
ten minutes ago and probably the easiest
way to filter out through all these jobs
is just search a keyword so if you just
search Google AdWords you'll see all
these different jobs that are
laid in to Google AdWords so upwork is
another great option for you guys that
if you really pay do the due diligence
and you put in the time you can really
you know build up your profile and
ultimately the goal with up work is to
build up a strong solid profile with a
lot of ratings and reviews where
ultimately your profile get starts to
get found in the search engine so when
people are looking for certain
freelancers that offer Google Ads that
your profile gets showing up at the top
and then people start inviting you to
job so you don't have to necessarily
constantly be looking and applying the
jobs people are inviting you so that's
the end goal with up work but it does
take time so I think these are the two
ways that I would really recommend if
you're looking to get remote work as a
Google Ads manager you want to do remote
work at your home and you're
transitioning either from an agency
position or in-house I would really look
into up work and build it up over time
or I would just apply to a company and
work full-time for them from my home in
a remote position so that's it for this
video guys if you got some value from it
please do go ahead and follow and
subscribe to the channel and until next
time take care
[Music]